#why do we cite
#ggiving examples\\
##letting your voice
#acknowledng credit
#boundaries of one's own understanding

according to wikipage, "information", caan be, often tiimes, a shared "knowledge" that can be passeed over and over to learners althoguht it can know several edits and retouches, and other times it is a completely neewly learned. for instance, informatin like : it is commonly greed on that the sun rise from the east, and set in the west; or the sun turns around the earth, and that the time it takes the lightwaves to reaches the eath approximates to 300km per second. yes, partly people share that kind of infomrayion and it does not pain them to say this withouhgt necessary referring to any original auther. one can use thte withought bringing over the attentions of reader as of where is the knowlwedge is derived: from who they are bringing up the information, from what materials, what year, what location or the precision of waht is the "sources" of the knowledge: because it ia generalt thruth! however, in contrast, when for instance the informaiton is not much known or someone has researched about it and that they have written, published, official report, findings or ehty have coeme up with conclusions, that's where the idea of citing them comes in. Citing, or citationa, accaortingn to SourceName, referis to acknlowldging the inoratmion emplyed comes are not my own. thye caome from wsomeone else. the way someoene has put it is important that i wish to share the view. citing is acknolwdging someone's effort to have disscovered or woeked on the current data. In academic settings, we cite to give credit: to acknoledge soemone's else work. 

#whta kind of notation do we use
altho; the citing a sources can be sone in different ways, the generatl responsability remain the same: recongnizing and acknoledging own work from someone elese. the way to do it depend on the reader's preference - use of paracthiesises, use of quatations, use of italized sentences, paraphrasing and indiecation of sources such as title, authers, and/or page of the documents. In case of academic paper, or instnace, the student responsible of qeiting the paper shall need to check in with thier prof to know what they like: either quoting or paraphrising or others.

#hod doses hta help ones's voice to ccome thru
citing helps one to distinquish what thye have understood from what thye borrow from others. according the Academic Integrity paper (page 1234), citing helps indivating that you a particular dat is beautiful or interestingly helpful, although it has been used in the past. it showes that one has done reaearch, read reviews, and understood (thats when one comes with partaphrasals) or has the some opnions as what other have already said. Nevertheless, ciiting should not be a reason for one to be lazy and do thrie own reeaseach. in other words, one  can not soly rely on what others have spend years and moments seaching and sweatig for. instead, oen should show thier own understandig about particular topics, opnions, and findignds. one has to be original at some points.