Sitting in the corner of the coffee, I feel the room temperature exponentially decreasing. The popcorn in front increasingly loose of their taste. The lights loose of their brightness over time. 
The soft melody in the back of the coffee shop, along with the noise of the rain on the roof and the voices caring the conversations, becomes background noise. Am I feeling live the process of 
getting ill (again) ? Or was it the inevitable downfall of my body and mind I was pushing away since so many times between the nights at the hospital, the loses of my godfather, a friend and a 
family member, or maybe the pain of unreciprocated love from a longtime relationship ? 

Days after, it became clear it was rather the second option as I was not able to formulate a single paragraph of my college essays without the rise of a lamp in the throat, on the verge of the 
crying out of pain (again !)- so let alone doing decent work. Every solitary moment was an open window for all the dread-inducing thoughts I was trying to push away to be able to function as a 
member of society.

With the realization I needed help to get out of that stage, I reached out to my uncle, priest and philosopher, convinced he had wisdom under his belt(s) I could use of. 

- What can one do to avoid a decent into madness, sometimes seemingly invevitable ? was my disguised way of asking for help.

From the discussion on that random morning, I retained "finding something to fight for, greater than oneself". A reevalution of the reason I was ready to jump out of the bed everyday seemed 
essential at that. It came at the expense and daunting task of deconstructing my system of values and beliefs to reconstruct one on a stronger foundation. 

So for the next 2 years (of my gap), I worked days and nights at finding THE answer. Instead of overthinking my life-trajectory, I was following my instinct. It was the same instinct that drove me
on stage sharing my poetry talking about my feelings towards my country in "Your kid screaming", about the importance of friendship in the modern society in "Wings-less angel", about mental health
issues in "Rest, soldier". It is that instinct that took me on stage (sometimes simulteanously as the director) incarnating a kid whose parents where taken away by interethnic violences, an angry
and suicidal teenager, a man who ultimately ended up killing her own child because of his greed. It is that instinct that made me sit hours and hours on the desk in my room, learning with the end
goal of being able to solve (some) problems from the tips of my fingers clicketing on a keyboard.


 


